With the world as chaotic as it is these
days, so many of us are trying to fix so
many things. And in this coaching video
that happened during one of our public
Q&As's, we meet a woman who's always
trying to fix something, always trying
to be the problem solver, always trying
to help somebody out. And what we find
out is what's really beneath that and
how to set yourself free from that
stagnation.
I want to fix everything, right? I see
something I believe is wrong or some
injustice and I have to fix it. And if
people don't like the way I've shown up,
I have to justify it.
And
I I don't know where to go from here.
Like there's this underlying anger and
fear and it's just kind of I feel stuck
and I'm not sure what to do. So that's
why I joined today.
Great. Uh are you reading from a card?
No, I've been taking notes the whole
time we've been on the call. This is
people have been asking their
intellectual questions. I'm like, okay,
how do I describe it differently or how
do I
could you So, this will be recorded. So,
can you do me a favor and like not take
any notes and just be fully here with me
because Yeah. Okay, great. And see if I
understand the question. It's I'm always
trying to fix and I get upset if
people don't let me. Is that how do I
handle that? Is that basically the
If you put it in a sentence, what would
you how would you say it?
H I'm trying to fix myself. That's
probably the biggest thing. And I assume
I make this assumption that I'm trying
to to to prove that I've healed in some
way by taking somebody else's issue
away. I see something that I feel is
discriminatory. For example, I'm going
to stand up and I'm going to make a
stand even if that person didn't want me
to. Yeah. So
maybe a caretaking behavior is an
obsessive caretaking behavior.
Okay. Yeah.
Um, so what's wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
So, however, what's to fix
when I caretake others in this way?
Hold on.
You've said the main thing I'm trying to
do is to
is to fix myself. So, what are you
trying to fix? Like, what's wrong with
you?
My
tendency to judge versus to be
discerning.
Okay. is probably a big one for me.
What do you judge about yourself?
What do I judge about myself?
Certainly the I I judge myself a lot
about judging others.
Yeah.
About thinking
what do you judge what do you judge
others for? Give me something that's
like a a prime you you're going to judge
somebody or
not not treating others the way I think
they should be treated is like a really
big one for me. This sense of
fantastic. So let's look at think of
that time where that's most prevalent.
Give me like I don't need to hear about
it. But think back in your history of a
time where that person was definitely
doing and you were definitely judging
them. You got it. Looks like you got it.
Okay.
And now imagine there is just no
possible way on earth you could judge
them. What would you have to feel?
Can you say it differently?
If you were not able to judge them in
that moment, what feeling would you be
left with?
I'm going to say it feels like
nothingness.
Just silent. It's quiet.
Great.
So, let's go there.
Okay.
So, there's all this bad happening
in the world
and you look at it through the lens of
judgment.
What if you looked at it through the
lens of silence
in theory and in sitting here?
No, no, right now. No theory. Just like
right now, what happens?
I have anxiety in my arms and hands and
I feel like I have to be doing
something. That's how I'm feeling right
now. Fantastic. So let's feel the
anxiety.
Okay.
So if you So basically what we're
learning is if you can't go to judgment
then there's a vastness that makes you
very anxious.
So now we just go into the anxiety.
In the grand scheme of things, all of
your actions have really not changed
much.
What do you mean my actions haven't
changed much?
All those things that you've done to
like write all the wrongs to make sure
that all those things have happened. In
the grand scheme of things, the world is
still going around the sun. The politics
haven't, you know, there's been no
decisive shift in the war in Ukraine or
the upcoming war with China or whatever
like
you know.
the point
is to feel the anxiety.
[Music]
I meant more
maybe it's because I feel like that's
what drives me and so if I've been doing
this and then I'm not doing it
and I see people getting hurt that maybe
I could have prevented or I see myself
being in situations
I I love it. Yeah. What is the point
then? What's the point of your life if
your job isn't to fix the wrongs of the
world?
Yeah, I think that's what I'm struggling
with.
Yeah. So, let's struggle.
Fix the wrongs of yourself. Fix the
wrongs of the world.
What What What if What if you couldn't
do that? What would be left to do?
Nothing. That's how I feel. Nothing.
Yeah. But what I notice is there's a
sadness that hits you now.
It's very sad because I mean where do
you go? Like why are we here? It goes
into that realm. I know you do a lot of
like what's my purpose? Who am I? Like
the ego identification out of out of the
head for a minute. Just be with me.
You can do this. Be with me. Just like
give me eye contact. I'll give you eye
contact and let's not fix each other.
What's to do? What do we do if we're not
fixing each other?
If there's an anxiety there that's got
you a little frozen, feel into that. And
yeah,
and to see what it's like to
what's the purpose of us being together
if it's not to fix each other?
My my first thought is to go to like to
be here to support each other, which I
don't know how that's much different.
So you see that sense of
what I'm noticing is everything you're
doing is trying to avoid just actually
being with me.
Like you go into your head to stop being
with me. You go to fix me. You try go to
fix yourself.
And then when you're with me like right
here there's like some anxiety that
occurs.
Yeah. I want it I want it to be right
and I don't know how to get there. And
so I feel like I'm failing at it over
and over again.
Yeah.
Right.
And that that's actually the driver
of all the fixing
the feeling of that everything I touch
fails.
Yeah. That's right. Yeah.
But you being in that feel like how
about that? How about you just be in
that feeling with me of everything that
I touch fails and I'll just be with you
in that and we'll hang out.
And now I feel you with me more now than
I have the whole time.
How How can you fix anything if you're
not here like this with me?
You're trying to fix something without
being able to be with it.
Yeah. Because it's easier to fix things
that are surface.
Yeah, that's right.
That's why.
That's right. And that's why you always
have that weird sense of failure
and your mind just went to trying to fix
it.
It
It did.
Wait, wait, wait. We can keep on talking
or we can just be together again?
And feel how alive this is just to be
with each other like this.
It's a lot of energy, right? Like or
sensation moving through your body.
Definitely a lot of sensation.
Definitely in my my I can feel the end
of my skin like everywhere that's
exposed. Absolutely.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Like Yeah. Yeah, but still not
remembering to breathe even if that
makes sense.
It totally makes sense. That's the way
it is when you start to get in touch
with this.
And then how do I carry it longer?
How do I carry it when you're not
sitting across?
Exactly. Not that way.
Does that that puts you back into the
fixing which takes you out of
this moment?
I want you to imagine right now the way
we are together that place. I want you
to imagine looking at an antill.
And now I want you to imagine trying to
fix the antill.
I cannot I don't see anything wrong with
the antill. Right.
Correct.
Yeah.
Yeah. And if you're in this moment,
what's wrong
with me? What's wrong?
What's wrong with you? Nothing's wrong.
Oh, what's wrong in this moment? You
can't go to the past. You can't go to
the future. Just what's wrong with this
moment?
I feel I'm not fixing it fast enough.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
Right. Fixing what? What's wrong with
this moment? Me not being able to sit
here in this moment is now what's
becoming wrong with my moment.
Yeah.
And there there you are in this moment.
It just happened.
Yeah.
This is the thing you're avoiding.
It is. I'm avoiding the silence. I'm
avoiding the peace.
Yeah. And the pleasure and that
aliveness. Yeah. That's why everybody
rejects you trying to fix it.
Yes.
Yeah.
And now how do I stop it? How do I stop
fixing people? Just stop.
It's um the quest that's the that's the
question that leads to failure. And so
it lets you stay in the loop.
I am in a doom loop 100%.
The question is how do you be with
people?
And it's the exact opposite of a doing.
It is an undoing as you're learning
right now.
So to ask how do you do it is
counterproductive.
Is that the same by asking how do I undo
it?
Let's find out.
How do you be with me? Answer: undo it.
No, it seems to be working.
It does actually. Yeah.
Yeah. Especially on the intellectual
level because I've done it with the
tension where I can feel it.
Yeah, that's right.
Intellectually, when you're here
intellectually, the best job for the
mind is to deconstruct itself.
Yes.
Every thought. How is that not true? How
is that not true? because it just leaves
you here with me or with us.
Total pleasure to work with you. Thanks
for thanks for thanks for thanks for
finally getting in here and asking the
question. It was a pleasure.
Yeah. Look forward to hearing more.
Thanks so much.
Welcome.